Week 01

Browsing of course materials and checking of portfolios available to work on through the course.
Selection of top 3 proejct topics to work on.
In Lab discussion with peers for group formation and topic finalisation.
Team communication set up and division of conceptual work amongst members: Backend .
- 19/09/2021

Week 02

Set up Jira board for remote collaboration with team.
Project topic discussion and feature mapping.
Setting up of story boards and novel features of the system using Jira.
Web layout design using Figma.
Discussion of Project Proposal due at week 04.
Division of task for Projec Proposal: User Stories.
Set up of GitHub Classrooms and set up of backend development environments.
- 26/09/2021

Week 03 

Planned Work:
Working with SQLAlchemy and AlphaVantage API for setting up of databases for User Portfolios and stocks in Portfolios

Self Study required:
SQLAlchemy and AlphaVantage
Time spent~ 3 hours

Implemented work:
Set up of databases for User stocks and Portfolios: Status- In review by Khai Liew

Outstanding Work:
User portfolio performance Banner routes
Updated databse of stock prices, everytime a dev calls for the latest stock price.

Meetings atended:
Standup Meetings
One on one with Khai for assistance working with SQLAlchemy an techical questions.
- 07/10/2021

Week 04:

Issues:
Week 04 Lab: Identified AV api won't be suitable for the project in terms of its scope and limitations, look for alternatives.
Figuring out Stock page calculation on the chosen API to display results on the user's screen.

Planned Work:
Working collaboratively with Gunjan conducting market research on Alternative API and integration with our current build.
Jira: Adding dummy User data to the databse for allowing for testing. Merged with changes made by Khai.
Jira: Creating a stock search endpoint. Currently in Code review.

Meetings Attended:
Usual stand ups with Team to figure out the way forward and usual updates.
Meeting with Gunjan: Discuss progress regarding Yahoo finance API.
Meeting with Khai and Rittisak For implementing the stock search endpoint and detailed walk through of the acceptance criteria.

Time spent: ~>10 hours
- 14/10/2021

Week 05:

Stock search endpoint PR had some fixes necessary to be made due to which I had fix them up and implement changes to it- Successfully merged into the main branch.

Meeting with Backend team; Khai and Gunjan for catching up on progress and the way ahead- better understanding of the situation we have at the backend.
Skipped meeting with General for personal reasons, provided with updates on slack channel- Tuesday standup.

Backend team; currently blocking a lot of progress at the frontend- need to prioritise the clean up of the tasks at the backlog ion order to allow for frontend to work seamlessly.

Tasks for the week:
Research on Machine Learning models for using in our stock prediction algorithm.
Checking implementation of these models based on available data ion order to avoid pings to the Yfinance API.Self study on LSTM models as traditional ML models won’t solve the problem. 
Time spent: ~5 hours

Tasks ahead:
Implementation and demo of the ML prediction also to be merged in to the main.

- 22/10/2021

Week 06 - 07:

I have been focusing on the ML Prediction side of project which was due this sprint and focused on the research

Meeting with Gunjan and hai over the week to discuss about the algorithm and methopd of deploying the code on to the production side of system.

Research done on:
LSTM models for stock prediction: Not feasible due to the scope of project and the need to predict all stocks.
Focused on classifying the stocks using Linear regression as it would provide means to classify all stocks with a generic model.
 
Time spent: ~>20 hours.

Tasks ahead:

Finish up the demo model and get a production read code which will sit on the stock predict section of backend.
Gunjan and Khai have worked out the logics for the data fetch. I can now focus on the widgets and banner routes necessary to be deployed so that front end can connect these.

Issues:
- Slow progress due to other course commitments.
- Unforeseen health issues faced in the past few dayas delayed the process of completing research on time.

    - 28/10/2021

Week 08:

ML stock prediction model needed to be implemented using LSTM. 
The issues in the Linear regression model has been obsereved and discarded due to its short comings.

Worked on finalising the ML model and needs to be improved a bit to be incorporated into the backend.

Figured out a way to save the model as a .sav file to reduce training nd load time.

Issues:
- Extensive research prevented to complete the task before the s]print.
- Conflicting deadlines and poor health added the trouble.

Pending:
- Completing the ML backend tasks to work with Gunjan and Khai on other backend task.

    -04/11/21
